documentation of visualizations (#60)
ALLUOS/ALLUOS.github.io: _posts/2021-01-02-visualizations.md

Furthermore, a GIF can be used to draw focus to important learning sections. According to a study by Zallio (2018) "it is possible to confirm that it is easier for students to better understand certain topics after showing emoticons or GIFs. (...). This is an element that highly stimulate the attention and by levering on emotions, students are more likely to focus their attention after the given emotional stimuli". For this reason, each of the learning tasks is introduced with a GIF. This marks the intersection between the previous storytelling and the subsequent task, which again fully demands the user's attention.
The third function of using GIFs in Escapeling, is to provide feedback and motivate. For example, a GIF can be sent in response to a correct answer, or to repeated failure to guess a vocabulary word.

### Emojis
 
<img src="https://github.com/ALLUOS/ALLUOS.github.io/blob/semester-three/assets/images/visualizationsIMG02.png" alt="Figure 2: Emojis in the private chat selection menu" class="center">

*Figure 2: emojis in the private chat selection menu*

> Emojis are small graphics that can be in a line with text. They can be emoticons, representing emotions, as well as representing unemotional things. For quicker orientation, for example, emojis were inserted in the private chat selection menu. This additionally made the previously completely text-based selection a bit more colorful, and various studies have proven that colors can stimulate the brain during learning (Ferrari, 2008) (Althouse, 2003).

Author: I added the links for storytelling or the tasks I mentioned now. Unfortunately, I could not find a section on our website that mentions the private chat.

*Figure 5: all stickers belonging to the Escapeling sticker pack*

### Achievements

As part of the visual overhaul of the app, the medals awarded in the "Achievements" section have also been visualized. You get these for playing Escapeling frequently, for example. Previously, these were purely text-based, but now the player gets a picture of their current status sent to them.   

<img src="https://github.com/ALLUOS/ALLUOS.github.io/blob/semester-three/assets/images/visualizationsIMG06.png" alt="Figure 6: Image that the user gets when he has reached the status of an Admiral as part of the achievements" class="center">

*Figure 6: image that the user gets when he has reached the status of an “Admiral” as part of the achievements*

<div id="implementation"></div>
## Implementation

The changes mentioned above have been implemented as follows:

### Emojis

Emojis are handled by tags like “:alien:”. These tags where transformed to the correct emoji by using the [emoji-package for python (Kim and Wurster, 2021)](https://pypi.org/project/emoji/). 

### Stickers

> Stickers in telegram are handled by using so called IDs. If you upload a sticker to telegram an ID is created. To send out a sticker, get_sticker_id() is called to retrieve the ID out of a .json-file, based on a name. This improves readability and centralizes the organization of the stickers in the .json file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stickers in telegram are handled by using so called IDs. If you upload a sticker to telegram an ID is created. To send a sticker, get_sticker_id() is called to retrieve the ID from a .json file, based on the name of the particular sticker. This improves readability and centralizes the organization of the stickers in the .json file.
```

The Escapeling sticker pack was created by freehand drawings on an iPad using Adobe Fresco software. To turn these drawings into a Telegram sticker pack, they were sent to a Telegram bot called @Stickers.

### GIFS

> Since Telegram does not support an ID system for GIFs we used URLs from GIPHY, a website that collects GIFs. These URLs to the GIFs are organized based on Keywords in a .json file structure, which can be accessed by using get_gif_link(). GIFS can be sent into the chat with send_animation().

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Telegram does not support an ID system for GIFs we used URLs from GIPHY, a website that collects GIFs. These URLs are organized based on keywords in a .json file, which can be accessed by using the function `get_gif_link()`. GIFs can be sent into the chat with `send_animation()`.
```

### Images

> The different achievement-images have been created using GIMP 2.10. In the future it could be possible to display additional Achievement-information as additional layers over the current pictures, resulting in one picture depicting all achievements at once. This could be done by using the python image library (PIL). They can be sent into the chat using send_image().

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The various achievement images were created with GIMP 2.10. In the future it might be possible to put additional information about the achievements as additional layers over the current images, so that one image shows all achievements at once. This could be done using the Python Image Library (PIL). They can be sent to the chat with `send_image()`.
```

Is it relevant to mention GIMP and the version? or say digital image editing software?
